Initiate pages for BVI (#809)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: website/content/about/working-groups/blind-and-visually-impaired.md

{{% /blocks/section %}}

</div>
<div class="section-group">

{{% blocks/section color="secondary" %}}

## Goals

<div class="text-left">

- Create pathways for BVI individuals into cloud native and open source.
- Empower BVI to become more visible members within the cloud native community.
- Encourage and educate employers to hire BVI employees.
- Build a BVI in tech community to network, learn from, and support each other.

</div>

{{% /blocks/section %}}

</div>
<div class="section-group">

{{% blocks/section color="white" %}}

## Benefits

<div class="text-left">

Benefits for BVI individuals:

- **Inclusion**: Become an active cloud native and open source community member.
- **Career Growth**: Grow your network of hearing and BVI peers and learn about professional opportunities.
- **Networking**: Connect with a supportive BVI tech community.
- **Inspiration**: Meet BVI role models.
- **Educational Resources**: Learn about tools to enhance your tech skills.
- **Visibility**: Find out about and get support for speaking or other public opportunities.

Benefits for the hearing community:

> - **Diversity and Inclusion**: Learn how to be more diverse and inclusive, enriching the community with different perspectives and talents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Welcome everyone**: Learn how to be more welcoming to peers with disabilities, enriching the community with different perspectives and talents.
```
